README.md, before:

# [CSGO] Tactical Shield

This plugin adds a tactical shield to the game. It is designed to improve the tactical side of the game.

You can use this plugin along with my plugin [Cameras and Drones](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield).


## Installation

Simply download **[tacticalshield.smx](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/raw/master/plugins/TacticalShield.smx)** and place it in your server inside "csgo/addons/sourcemod/plugins/".
A map is currently being made to work along with this plugin. [Get it here!](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102250426)

## Features

   * Can buy a tactical shield
   * Shields block incoming damage (even awp shots)
   * Can only use shield when holding pistols
   * Can move aside shield to shoot
   * Can choose your own shield model
   

## [:globe_with_meridians: Cvars](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/blob/master/tacticalshield.cfg)

## Commands

    "ts_buy" (buy your shield)
    "ts_deploy" (use the shield you just bought)
    "ts_remove" (remove your shield so it can be used again later)
    "ts_help" (Show plugin help)
    
    ADMIN ONLY
    "ts_reloadmodels" (Reload custom models file)

## Media
Soon

## [:globe_with_meridians: Changlelog](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/blob/master/Changlelog.md)

### Creator: Keplyx

Commit message:

added infos about custom models

README.md, after:

# [CSGO] Tactical Shield

This plugin adds a tactical shield to the game. It is designed to improve the tactical side of the game.

You can use this plugin along with my plugin [Cameras and Drones](https://github.com/Keplyx/cameras-and-drones).


## Installation

Simply download **[tacticalshield.smx](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/raw/master/plugins/TacticalShield.smx)** and place it in your server inside "csgo/addons/sourcemod/plugins/".

You can choose your own models to use for shields. To do so, install it in your csgo, then enter the needed informations in [custom_models.txt](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/blob/master/gamedata/tacticalshield/custom_models.txt).

A map is currently being made to work along with this plugin. [Get it here!](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102250426)

## Features

   * Can buy a tactical shield
   * Shields block incoming damage (even awp shots)
   * Can only use shield when holding pistols
   * Can move aside shield to shoot
   * Can choose your own shield model
   

## [:globe_with_meridians: Cvars](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/blob/master/tacticalshield.cfg)

## Commands

    "ts_buy" (buy your shield)
    "ts_deploy" (use the shield you just bought)
    "ts_remove" (remove your shield so it can be used again later)
    "ts_help" (Show plugin help)
    
    ADMIN ONLY
    "ts_reloadmodels" (Reload custom models file)

## Media
Soon

## [:globe_with_meridians: Changlelog](https://github.com/Keplyx/TacticalShield/blob/master/Changlelog.md)

### Creator: Keplyx
